---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

# About ScrubWOD

ScrubWOD is a blog created by a scrub. This scrub has a fairly poor grasp of
English composition, but has enough technical know-how to make a little blog
where he can do whatever he wants!

This scrub is also not afraid to be always be a scrub! You can only go up if
you're a scrub! This blog is for all of the scrubs, because scrubs can learn!

**Being a scrub is NOT a bad thing!**

ScrubWOD will act as a journal following a new scrub trying to "do CrossFit".

He wants to remember what was fun, what was hard, and how to improve to make
hard things easier.

He also wants to hold himself accountable (he hears accountability is a large
part of the CrossFit culture). He's very easily distracted and wants to give
CrossFit a fair fight for a place in his heart as a life-long activity. This is
basically a lame version of "The Bachelor".

This scrub is a forever-scrub, but hopefully these posts provide evidence that
**anyone** can learn to be less of a scrub.

# About Me

I would say I am a pretty average man, earning money by typing out
[algorithms](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Algorithm) on a keyboard. I also
just like doing things that are fun for me and that make me happy.

The first gym I joined was an indoor rock climbing gym at the age of 25 and my
only regret is not realizing that I loved climbing earlier.

Before climbing, I was physically mediocre; I was never entirely out of shape
(luckily), but let's just say I did everything in my power to avoid exerting
energy (I still kind of do this).

My motivation for starting CrossFit is becoming stronger and more mobile. I
don't want my physical ability to hinder and prevent me from doing something
that I want to do. I think CrossFit will grant me a good foundation for this
physical competence.

I also love over-analyzing mediocre things and hopefully this pours into the
minutiae of CrossFit and into these blog posts, detailing notes about form and
mentality.

I am always a student and always a scrub. I am always learning and I hope this
outline of a beginner trying to "do CrossFit" helps anyone getting into the
sport.

----

_**Huge** thanks to [Ben Centra](https://github.com/bencentra/centrarium) for the great Jekyll template!_
