---
layout: post
title:  "WOD Evening Deadlifts"
date:   2019-10-17
tags: [wod, deadlift, toes to bar, snatch]
---

This week was a tough week for good sleep.

Because I didn't want to run on 4 hours of sleep two times in a week, I ended
up taking the evening class, at 7:30pm.

I think evenings are a good alternative if I really need to skip the morning,
but it's definitely not something I should be doing regularly. After being at
work for ~10 hours, I'm a bit too physically and mentally drained to be pushing
myself in a CrossFit class.

It is an easy way to create a wall to push past, so I might be able to use
evening classes methodically. But I'm not at that point yet. I just need to
continue going to class!

<!--more-->

### Warm Up

The warm up was fun. We played a rowing game, where we had to do our best to
row exactly 100m. The tip was to stop rowing around 80m and it should roll up
close to 100. We did this for four rounds, and after every round there was a
punishment and every extra/missing meter was reciprocated with a rep of
something, i.e. `abs(x-100)` reps of something. It was really fun!

The first round, I hit about 75m and just let it rip, and ended up at 111m
:joy: I had to do 11 burpees.


### Deadlifts

The next part of the class we were building up to 80% of our max deadlift
weight for 5 rounds, going 10-8-6-4-2. I haven't deadlifted much yet, so my
"max" was still 75lb.

The coach had me start at 95lb.

Cool.

It was pretty easy. I was able to chug through 10 without much of a problem. By
the 5th round, I was at 185lb and doing two was hard, but not impossible. I
don't think 185lb is my single max rep because I think I could have done maybe
one or two more reps at that weight. But it's a good number to start with now
that I know it. My progression ended up being 50-30-10-10-10 (45lb bar).
Pretty happy with it. The guys that were in the class are dumb strong and I
can't imagine myself coming close to that... Yet!

_I'm writing this post three days after the class and my hamstrings are still
very tight. I'm trying my best to roll them out often. They're not at the point
of being painful, but they're still noticeably sore....._


### WOD

4RFT, 10 minute cap:
- 10 cal bike
- 12 Toes to bar (7-5 felt good)
- 3 squat snatch @ 75lb (Rx: **fucking 185lb** - I can't even imagine)

I ended at 3 rounds + 12 reps (2 toes to bars).

Like I mentioned in the preamble, I wasn't fully rested and agile. And man, the
bike destroyed me. It was really a struggle for me, I don't know.

I'm definitely getting closer to the toes to bars and I'm so excited. I noticed
that the first rep that I do is always the worst, so I think I need to go
harder with the prep motion.

I also don't really mess with bars, so it's really busting up my hands. It
doesn't help that the chalk isn't so great. I'm about to start bringing my own
chalk bucket ....

#### Squat snatch

Trash, as expected. First of all, I don't even think I have the proper mobility
to hold overhead and maintain the squat, so my "squat" snatches were more
"power" than "squat", but whatever. I need to work on the overhead squat
form.

We warmed up and I didn't feel great, but I didn't feel awful either. When I
tried pulling the first squat snatch rep in the WOD, **I LITERALLY FELL OVER ON
MY ASS**. So dangerous. Good thing the bar was still in front of the plane that
my body makes.

So note to self: Keep a strong forward/up gaze to prevent your body from
unintentionally folding and tipping forward. Remember:

- A little wider than shoulder width stance
- Wide hook grip: I was about a thumb from the start of the knurling
- Knees out!
- Eyes forward
- Engage your shoulders

Rough.

After the WOD I ended up doing a few more snatches to grease the groove a
little more and they felt better (still not great, but better).

It feels like every post, I'm just wanting to be better at this - **AND I WILL
BE BETTER AT THIS!**

No where else to go but up!

