---
layout: post
title:  "Feeling Bad"
date:   2019-10-26
tags: [mentality]
---

I intend to take a CrossFit class tomorrow (Sunday), but that means that it will
have been **five** days since I took class. And I feel bad about it. *But
honestly I don't feel too badly about it...*

I was going to take the "oly lifting" class today, so get some proper
clean/snatch gainz, but I ended up sleeping in. And I really needed the sleep.

### Rest and Sleep

A tweet has been coming up on my timeline a couple of times:

> "If you don't pick a day to relax your body will pick it for you"

It picked this morning..

Sleeping is easy. Getting good sleep is hard. I had a hard time getting good
sleep this week and it's mostly my fault.


<!--more-->


### Why I've been skipping

After work I've been taking dance classes and they have been running pretty
late. I would get home at 11-11:30p and get in bed at 12-12:30a. I would finally
fall asleep at 1a-2a. The CrossFit class is at 6a and I would prefer to wake up
by 5a, at least. I don't want to take a CrossFit class on less than 5 hours of
sleep. Or I had to wake up and go into work early, so I can get out early enough
to take a dance class.

*I mentioned in a previous post, maybe I should have more heavily considered the
time of the classes that I can attend in the morning...*


### Why I don't feel too bad

I love dancing and I love taking dance classes. My body has become very good at
releasing endorphins whenever I'm dancing and taking class. So instead of taking
an evening CrossFit class and being toast for the dance class, I went to the
climbing gym, ran a mile, did 100 cals of rowing, and did some moderate
bouldering before going to the dance class. 

This is why I don't feel too bad. I'm still moving. I'm still being active. I'm
doing things that I love.


### Moo-lah

I'm probably not alone in that I'm at a point in my life where I'm still paying
off student loans (a lot of them). But I'm confident enough in my job and in my
ability to get a new job that I don't need to worry about it and I'm blessed and
am thankful for that.

Don't get me wrong; Student loans are still looming dark clouds over my shoulder
and I dream of the day when I'm debt-free. But I don't *need* to be stressed
about it on a regular basis.

Sure, I should probably care more about how I spend my money and maybe this
CrossFit membership can go towards paying off my student debt. I don't buy
extravagant things for myself. I don't waste egregious amounts of money. So I
don't exactly mind spending a bunch of money towards CrossFit membership. And I
don't feel too badly about not fully utilizing it, especially with this being my
first month "doing CrossFit".

I feel bad because I **should** go more and i **should** feel bad for skipping,
but I'm doing other things that make me happy, so I don't need to feel bad.


### So what?

This post really is to tell myself and anyone reading this that **it's okay to
not feel bad about not always "doing CrossFit"**, especially when it's not your
entire life. It's okay to not feel bad if you're doing things that you love and
are replacing CrossFit with these things. I would feel worse about it if I
skipped classes to sit on my ass and wasted time doing nothing.

Life's too short and too beautiful to waste time being stressed and feeling bad
about things that you're supposed to be doing, instead of doing things that you
love doing.

That's it.

I'll be in class tomorrow.


