---
layout: post
title:  "3 AMRAPS"
date:   2019-11-04
tags: [wod, row, burpee, snatch, box step over, situp, squat]
---

I bought a caffeine-free pre-workout so I can maintain my sleep. I was
convinced by the GNC worker to buy this expensive-ass pre-workout if I got a
discount. It feel like it works pretty great, but I'm going to try out a few
other (cheaper) stimulant-free pre-workouts. I had it with a Clif Plant Protein
Bar and I felt pretty solid for the workout.


<!--more-->

### 3 AMRAPS

Jumping right into the WOD, it was 3 AMRAPS, followed by a 1 rep max power
snatch.

5 min AMRAP:
- 10 cal Row
- 8 Burpees over rower
- Accomplished 3+14
    - I think I finished this at a good pace. I wasn't sprinting and still did
      more than I thought I would do.

2 min rest.

5 min AMRAP:
- 10 alt DB Power Snatch @ 35lb (rx: 50lb)
- 10 single DB Box Step Over @ 24"/35lb (rx: 50lb)
- Accomplished 3+3
    - Fuck, dumbell box step overs are hard. The technique is to stay low on
      the box and do a turn as you are on top of the box. This is jarring
      initially, but you get over the fear of falling off backwards pretty
      quickly.

2 min rest.

5 min AMRAP:
- 10 sit ups (rx: GHD sit ups)
- 10 DB Front Squats @ 35lbs (rx: 50lbs)
- Accomplished 3+7
    - I don't know how to hold the dumbells. At first I was trying to hold them
      like I would a front rack, but I was wasting so much energy holding them
      up. At one point I was just wearing the two dumbells like a necklace. Not
      sure if that was cheating, but that was the most comfortable and
      effortless it could be.

2 min rest.

6 min cap build to 1 Rep Max Power Snatch.

I was able to stand 100 lb (PR!), but it was kind of dirty... I wobbled at the
top and had to re-step. 95lb was the heaviest clean rep. I need to get into the
oly lifting class ASAP.

All in all today's workout was good. On most days, the box posts up the WOD the
day before and I do look at it. I don't do this to choose which days to skip,
but I do this to mentally prepare movements. This way, I don't walk into the
session blind and have to go over everything on the spot. But when I saw this
WOD in particular, I was nervous I'd be completely toast. I was toast, but not
as bad as I thought I would be. I guess it goes to show that you can go at your
own pace and still push yourself.

