---
layout: post
title:  "Thrusters"
date:   2019-10-29
tags: [wod, thruster, clean, jerk]
---

In my last post, I said that I was going to take a class on Sunday.

I didn't.

I didn't take a class on Monday either.

I ended up taking a sick day from work today (Tuesday) because I didn't get
**any** sleep last night and I didn't feel good at all in the morning. 

I'm in the LA area and there have been fires, pushing ash in the air, and
making the air quality not the best in the world. This is a problem and I think
is causing sinus problems for me, but that's for another blog.

After sleeping through the morning I felt a bunch better. I went to a coffee
shop, reorganized my life, and I decided that I could not consistently do
morning classes any longer. If I was able to be in bed by 9pm every night, then
morning classes would be possible. But the reality now is that I can't. I
decided to take on an obligation on Thursdays and Sundays and expect to be home
around midnight. I decided to take evening CrossFit classes after work, 7:30pm.
It's not ideal, but it's the best I can do. Trying to wake up very early in the
morning **sometimes** has just been messing with my sleep schedule and is not
worth the trouble.

I ended up taking class this evening and it wasn't so bad, maybe because I
wasn't fatigued from work. *But it wasn't so bad*, so I'm already fine with
this decision.


<!--more-->

### Thrusters

The coaches seem to change every day and from morning to evening, so I met a
new coach today and he was great. He's actually the best coach I've had so far,
so I might intentionally take more sessions with him; I felt the most
comfortable in class than ever. He also had some of the better people in class
show the rest of us good form and when we need to exert the power. It was
really great.

We went through some barbell warmups and ended up at a rack so we can do
thrusters. It was a E2MOM of three thrusters from the rack.

First of all, I need to remember that the barbell should rack at shoulder
height, but should be an inch or two lower than shoulder height.

Second of all, I love thrusters.

Third of all, I love thrusters.

Forth of all, I think thrusters made me more comfortable with maintaining my
balance as the barbell moves around, which I think helped my cleans and my
jerks (that we did later). And it helped me understand how to use my body to
help push the bar around.

During this, the coach mentioned that I should make sure that my knees are over
my toes to help keep my balance over my feet, instead of backwards. I think
this helped a lot for when I was doing the squat cleans in the WOD.

We were building to a "moderate weight". I still don't know what that means.
Someone in the class was getting close to his PR. "Moderate weight" to me means
a weight that won't beat me up so much that I'm exhausted by the WOD. Who
cares, right? Do your own thing, but with everyone else.

I got the bar up to 95lb and that was kind of pushing my limit.

Real sick.


### WOD

8min AMRAP: (Rx: 135lb)
1. 8 Hang Squat Clean and Jerk (@ 75lb)
2. 8 Bar-facing Burpees

Rest for 1 minute after the 8min AMRAP

5 Minutes to build one rep clean and jerk (@ 95lb)

So after watching a few videos, I remembered to push knees out, hook grip, keep
the bar in the middle of my feet. The first pull, I remembered to push my knees
back, shoulders back, slowly. Once I hit almost open hips, **jump** to lift the
bar and hit that squat, baby. I've gotten a lot more comfortable getting under
the bar quickly and not lose my balance, thanks to the thrusters and the coach.

Real cool. Even the jerk felt good. It was still really hard to push out even
three or four, but it definitely felt a ton better than it has ever felt
before. I am really happy about that.

I was able to do 3 rounds. I was toast.

I started the squat clean and split jerk at the same 75lb and the split jerk
felt good. The coach had me do drills to get used to the split jerk before the
WOD, to get used to the timing of when to hit **the power**. Super helpful. The
last time I did the split jerk was during the foundations, four weeks ago.

I added 10lb. Still felt good. But I had to rest so much longer.

I added 10lb. Squeezed it out at the last 5 seconds of the 5 minutes.

95lb clean and jerk is sick to me. I'm really happy.

I'm definitely not comfortable with any of this, but I'm definitely more
comfortable than I was when I started, and I'm happy with that.


